

In order for your dive computer code to compile, you will
need to install a few libraries into the Arduino IDE.
These libraries are from Adfruit but you dont even have to
go to the website to install them.  You can install them from
within the Arduino IDE.

The libraries we need are:

SD
SSD1306Ascii
RTClib
Adafruit_MPRLS


All you need to do is, from the IDE, 
choose (in the toolbar) Sketch -> Manage Libraries

From the Library Manager type in the name of the library and then select or scroll through
the available libraries until you find the exact name I have provided.
Once you click on the desired library a little "Install" button will appear on the bottom
right corner.  Press "Install" and it will do the rest.  Continue this process until you have
installed all of the libraries above.


You will also need to install the boards file from Adafruit.  We need to tell the IDE what board
we are programming.  From the following link you can learn how to install the board file.

https://learn.adafruit.com/add-boards-arduino-v164/setup

I can significantly reduce the time and possible error by telling you to:

Copy (CTRL-C) the following line

https://adafruit.github.io/arduino-board-index/package_adafruit_index.json

From the IDE, choose File -> Preferences

Close to the bottom look for "Additional Boards Manager URLs:" and paste (CTRL-V) the line you copied above.
Thats all in the Preferences so you can close it by choosing "ok".

Now choose Tools -> Board: -> Boards Manager
From the Board Manager type "Adafruit AVR Boards" into the search block.  Once you see the correct
one, click on it and install it.  NOTE: There is another file that looks very similar to the one we 
want so make sure you choose the "Adafruit AVR Boards" file.

One last thing we have to do.  We need to tell the IDE what board we are using and what
communications (COM) port to find it on.  
So, choose Tools -> Board: -> Adafruit Boards -> Adafruit Feather 328P
and choose Tools -> Port -> whatever port number the IDE sees your board on.

Now if you look in the very bottom right corner of the IDE, you should see "Adafruit Feather 328P on COMXX"
where XX is the com port your computer found the Feather 328P.

Once the libraries and boardss are installed and selected, you should be able compile the code by 
clicking the checkmark that says compile in the IDE.  If it compiles correctly, you can upload the code
into your dive computer.

Good Luck!!


